TINY-7674: Fixed media live embed video and audio elements were unable to be played in some cases (#7259)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Inserting content into a `contenteditable="true"` element that was contained within a `contenteditable="false"` element would move the selection to an incorrect location #TINY-7842
- Dragging and dropping `contenteditable="false"` elements could result in the element being placed in an unexpected location #TINY-7917
- Pressing the Escape key would not cancel a drag action that started on a `contenteditable="false"` element within the editor #TINY-7917

> - Media live embed `video` and `audio` elements wouldn't play in some cases #TINY-7674

Author: ```suggestion
- Media live embed `video` and `audio` elements were unable to be played in some cases #TINY-7674
```
